Information We Collect

The application respects your privacy. While the core functionality of the application does not collect, store, or transmit any personal data directly, we want to be transparent about our practices regarding telemetry data. Telemetry data, which may include non-personally identifiable information related to your interactions with advertisements within the app, is collected to support and improve the advertising experience. This data is processed and collected by third-party advertising partners and may include information such as device type, location (at a broad geographical level), and which ads are viewed or clicked. This helps us ensure that the advertisements presented are more relevant to your interests.

How We Use Your Information

Since the core application does not collect any personal data directly, it does not use or share any information about you or your usage of the application for purposes other than what is described herein. The telemetry data collected by third-party advertising partners is used exclusively for the purpose of enhancing the advertising experience within the application. We do not have access to the specifics of this data, nor do we control the data collection practices of these third parties. However, we select our advertising partners with care and with regard for the privacy and security of your data.

Third-Party Partners

Our application includes advertisements served by third-party partners. These partners may collect data about how you interact with their advertisements but are bound by their own privacy policies. We encourage you to review these policies to understand their data collection and processing practices.

Your Choices and Consent

By using this application, you consent to the collection and use of telemetry data as described in this privacy policy. You have the option to limit ad tracking or opt out of personalized advertising through the settings on your device. This may affect the relevancy of the ads you see but will not reduce the number of ads shown.
